[Music]
did you know that pigeons have better
vision than us have you ever wondered
how animals and birds actually see the
world
what do fish see when they look at us
this video will explain all these to the
smallest details makes vision of snakes
dippers the most from ours
they sense thermal signatures due to the
infrared sensitive receptors on their
snouts some snakes can see the radiated
heat of warm-blooded mammals cows cows
don't see colors as clearly as human
you've probably never heard about this
they see the world in a red orange color
scheme also counts don't like when
someone suddenly approaches them because
everything appears much bigger than
usual to them horses there is a blind
spot where horses can't see it all
directly in front of their faces this is
because of their eye location also
horses don't see as many colors as we do
their world is mostly made up of greys
yellows and blues fish fish eyes have
ultraviolet receptors and a more
spherical lens than we have they see the
world in green red and blue colors
deep-sea fish can easily see in the dark
as for sharks they can't distinguish
colors at all but they see much clearer
under the water than we do birds as
reverbs
they have something similar in their
vision unlike humans birds can see
ultraviolet light thanks to the
structure of their eyes they can focus
on certain places for example birds of
prey such as Falcons and eagles can see
up to a distance of
wanted to have kilometers we might just
see a field but a falcon can focus on
tiny Mouse out there a pigeon also has a
unique vision they can see all the tiny
details we might just see a road but a
pigeon can distinguish all the smallest
cracks in it their vision is like a
magnifying glass
as for sparrows they literally look at
the world through rose-colored glasses
sparrows can't distinguish green and
blue colors because of the structure of
their eyes insects fly sub thousands of
individual visual receptors that
collectively create a broad field of
vision also they see the world in slow
motion and can see ultraviolet light
another insect a bee has an unusual
vision as well it's a surprising fact
but bees can't distinguish red colour at
all for them the color red appears to be
dark blue rats rat vision is quite
blurry and they can't see red they also
see the world in slow motion each eye
moves independently so they can have two
images of the world cats cats don't
distinguish red and green shades and
their world is made up of brown yellow
and blue shades the cats field of view
is broader than ours so they can see
more on the sides however cats can see
six times better than us in the dark
their pupils can expand adapting to any
lighting dogs dogs can't see red and
orange colors but they clearly see blue
and violet as well as ultraviolet light
moreover they are able to differentiate
forty shades of grey where frogs frogs -
notice on
moving objects they can literally starve
to death in the abundance of food if the
food does not move bronze can also focus
only on certain things so they don't
concentrate on what they don't need for
example shadows chameleons
the eyes of chameleons can rotate in
different directions independently so
they have a 360 degree field of vision
they see two images at the same time one
in the front and the other one behind
have these facts impressed you let us
know in the comments below give this
video a thumbs up and if you're visiting
our channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]